---
title: "Papers"
bg: "#D1816D"
fa-icon: file-text-o
---

## Call for Papers

We solicit papers that focus on performance, debugging, and correctness tools
for parallel programming paradigms as well as techniques and case studies at
the intersection of performance analysis and visualization.

Authors must submit their papers in PDF format using the new ACM proceedings
template available [here](https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template).
Templates are available for Word and LaTeX. For LaTeX users, please use the
latest version (1.90, April 2023) and the "sigconf" option.
Authors should also use the 2012 ACM Computing Classification System (CCS2012,
https://www.acm.org/publications/class-2012) to classify their papers.
Papers must have between 6 and 12 pages, including references and figures.

All papers must be submitted through the Supercomputing 2024 [Linklings site](https://submissions.supercomputing.org/).
Submitted papers will be peer-reviewed and accepted papers will be published
in the SC24 workshop proceedings.


### Reproducibility at ProTools23

For ProTools24, we adopt the model of the SC24 technical paper program. Participation in the reproducibility initiative is optional, but highly encouraged. To participate, authors provide a completed Artifact Description Appendix (at most 2 pages) along with their submission. We will use the format of the SC24 appendix for ProTools submissions (see template).
Note: A paper cannot be disqualified based on information provided or not provided in this appendix, nor if the appendix is not available. The availability and quality of an appendix can be used in ranking a paper. In particular, if two papers are of similar quality, the existence and quality of the appendices can be part of the evaluation process.
For more information, please refer to the SC24 reproducibility page and the FAQs below.

### FAQ for authors

Q. Is the Artifact Description appendix required in order to submit a paper to ProTools 24?

A. No. These appendices are not required. If you do not submit any appendix, it will not disqualify your submission. At the same time, if two papers are otherwise comparable in quality, the existence and quality of appendices can be a factor in ranking one paper over another.

Q. Do I need to make my software open source in order to complete the Artifacts Description appendix?

A. No. It is not required that you make any changes to your computing environment in order to complete the appendix. The Artifacts Description appendix is meant to provide information about the computing environment you used to produce your results, reducing barriers for future replication of your results.

Q. Does the Artifacts Description appendix really impact scientific reproducibility?

A. The Artifacts Description appendix is simply a description of the computing environment used to produce the results in a paper. By itself, this appendix does not directly improve scientific reproducibility. However, if this artifact is done well, it can be used by scientists (including the authors at a later date) to more easily replicate and build upon the results in the paper. Therefore, the Artifacts Description appendix can reduce barriers and costs of replicating published results. It is an important first step toward full scientific reproducibility.
